https://usa.10magazine.com/dries-van-noten-paris-fragrance-store/

### **Dries Van Noten’s Parisian Fragrance Heaven**
### **A beauty playground for the fashion lovers.**

Dries Van Noten is going big for the one year milestone of the brand’s beauty and fragrance line with the launch of an exclusively devoted Parisian storefront. Located next to the men’s and women’s stores on Quai Malaquais, it’s where the designer first staked out his shop in 2009. This summer the perfume space completes the trifecta, making it a destination for fans of the Belgian label’s colorful and elegant designs.

In the heart of Paris’ Rive Gauche, the beauty space, named Dries Van Noten Galerie, nods to its rich history. Dating back to 1625, it was formerly the Breheret Gallery where Picasso’s and Chagall’s early works were once exhibited on its wall. Now, the brand has transformed it into its own gallery of sorts, merging cosmetics and fragrances with a curated selection of art and design elements. Taking inspiration from the concept of impossible combinations, the space combines historical accents with contemporary design as seen in the 17th-century floor-to-ceiling Flemish tapestry juxtaposed against a 1970s-era Venini glass chandelier. The overall effect is that of a dream beauty closet where you can sniff dozens of gorgeous perfumes or test out 36 shades of lip color.

Besides the beauty items, there are plenty of other accessories for purchase ranging from sunglasses to handbags to scarves. One item to note are the silky drawstring pouches in lush patterns, which are made from the bolts of fabric Van Noten keeps in his Antwerp studio. Whether you consider yourself a Dries Van Noten or just a lover of pretty things, this shop is definitely worth a stop should you find yourself in Paris.