https://usa.10magazine.com/peter-do-is-coming-to-a-banana-republic-near-you/

### **Peter Do is Coming to a Banana Republic Near You**
### **Timeless pieces at accessible prices.**

These days trends seem to come in and out of style at the speed of a viral TikTok video, which is why a thoughtful partnership is a reminder that less is more. In a surprising move, [Banana Republic](https://bananarepublic.gap.com/?tid=brps016054&kwid=1&ap=7&gclid=CjwKCAjw5_GmBhBIEiwA5QSMxPRUMpX0bFPrxAZQlRPiH-d9Gf5_MwMBVrehvDwkyXxfocCHyPep6BoCy4oQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds) has announced that designer Peter Do is designing an exclusive collection with them dropping October 2023. Do, a New York-based designer, has quickly grown a devoted cool kid following courtesy of his five-year-old [namesake label](https://peterdo.net/). This New York fashion week he also will debut his first collection as [creative director at Helmut Lang](https://10magazine.com/peter-do-named-creative-director-of-helmut-lang/). While those brands skew towards a higher price point, the collaboration with Banana Republic is more affordable, catering to fans in an accessible way.

Known for his exquisite attention to detail, neutral color tones, and no-frills minimalism, Do’s partnership with BR makes sense. The teaser photos highlight what the designer is best known for, namely plenty of sharp tailoring, elegant knitwear, and eye-catching utilitarian-inspired silhouettes. Do pulled inspiration from BR’s archives in the creation of these ready-to-wear pieces and accessories, while integrating his own design elements and knowledge. Described as “transformational and genderful,” the collection comes in unisex sizes, which is how Do designs for his own label.

For Banana Republic, the partnership is a refresh for the brand, as they’ve staged a slow but steady comeback in the past year. Unlike other similar mass market labels, they’ve rarely partnered up with fashion labels to create accessible versions of their design. By tapping Do, a New York name on the rise, Banana Republic is making a point to cater to the diehard fashion fans who normally might sleep on the classic American mall brand. Will it work? Guess we’ll see this October when the full collection drops. In the meantime, check out the preview below.