https://usa.10magazine.com/see-bottega-venetas-winter-fanzine/

**See Bottega Veneta’s Winter Fanzine**
**The collectible fanzine is a look into designer Matthieu Blazy’s moodboard.**
Forget back to school shopping, the only book you need this year is Bottega Veneta’s newest fanzine. The fashion textbook, if you will, is an intimate look into the beautiful textures, woven leather, and pops of color that is the [Winter 23 collection](https://www.bottegaveneta.com/en-us/inside-bottega/collections/winter-23). Beginning with creative director Matthieu Blazy’s debut collection last year, the brand has released these collectible mementos of their collections that also happen to look very good on coffee tables. 

Last season, the zine was all about Blazy’s muse [Kate Moss](https://usa.10magazine.com/a-kate-moss-fanzine-bottega-veneta-style/), who wore one of the most memorable looks of the show. This winter, Blazy opted to commemorate the last of the ‘Italia trilogy,’ which subverts silhouette and plays with fabrics. Featuring campaign outtakes from this winter’s cinematic imagery, the book also has a few surprises, namely original fashion sketches by the British Cypriot designer Husseign Chalayan. Commissioned by Blazy, the art coupled with behind the scenes photos of longtime brand favorite Gaetano Pesce’s creations, it’s Bottega Veneta’s take on the moodboard. 

Consisting of a Stracciatella-inspired patterned set, it’s reminiscent of a composition notebook, fitting for the curation of imagination and artistry inside. Perhaps, it may spark a bit of your own creative imagination as well. See for yourself below.