https://usa.10magazine.com/loro-pianas-ready-for-cocooning-season/

**Loro Piana’s Ready For Cocooning Season**
**As in literally swaddling you in cashmere.**
What’s a better way to keep your toes warm this winter than to wear socks made from the world’s finest cashmere? Or maybe a super soft sweatsuit is more your speed? For Loro Piana, that’s the intention behind their cozy Cocooning Collection, a line of incredibly luxurious knitted pieces that first launched last year. It returns this week and this time the brand is also introducing a men’s line as well. Made to get you through the coldest months, these pieces are made from vicuña goats that hail from the Andres and are beloved for their ultrafine, high quality cashmere. 

Named Cocooning, because who wouldn’t want to swaddle themselves in cashmere once the temperatures drop, the line features elegant pieces that work equally as well whether you’re hunkering down by the fire or headed out in the cold. For her, you’ll find cardigans, shorts, wool jumpsuits and a shrug. For him, you’ll be able to get everything from sweaters to pants. The collection also includes socks and legwarmers as well, but the star accessories are definitely the slippers. Made from a fine silk yarn named Cashfur, they look and feel like big fluffy wearable clouds. With a palette of tans, natural whites, and burgundies (certain yarns are left undied to preserve their natural beauty) this collection is the epitome of the Loro Piana aesthetic; never look like you’re trying too hard. 

Shop the Loro Piana Cocooning Collection [online](http://loropiana.com/) and select stores beginning October 12th