https://usa.10magazine.com/loro-pianas-ready-for-cocooning-season/

### **Givenchy Atelier is Here For Your Evening Dressing Needs**
### **The capsule is exclusively at Bergdorf Goodman.**

During New York fashion week Givenchy and Tiffany & Co. [staged a runway show](https://usa.10magazine.com/tiffany-and-co-high-jewelry-presentation-ss24/) that combined evening dressing with incredible jewels. Inspired by Breakfast at Tiffany’s as well as Hubert de Givenchy’s couture creations, the looks were a cinematic love letter to Hollywood’s golden era. While those particular pieces might prove to be hard to acquire, you can find the same ode to glamor in the brand’s latest capsule collection. Launching today exclusively at Bergdorf Goodman, [creative director Matthew M. Williams](https://usa.10magazine.com/givenchy-ready-to-wear-ss24/) reinterprets the little black dress as well as the brand’s historical penchant for bows, lace, and pearls with a modern point of view.  Defined by elegance and a touch of couture, the capsule infuses a little sparkle back into wardrobe staples. 

These pieces are tailored (literally) for evenings to remember, with the intention of highlighting the savoir-faire of Givenchy’s Paris ateliers. Standouts on the women’s side include a long sleeve gown with a plunging exposed back while another sleeveless option features pearl accents around the waist. For those looking for separates, lacy blouses and silky skirts are among the options in addition to sharp blazers and trousers. On the accessories side, there are mini versions of the brand’s Kenny bag in black silk or dusty gold leather. 

For men, you’ll find the perfect suit that takes notes from the classic tuxedo but cut to be more casual and relaxed. There are also basics, like tees, a hoodie, and denim, all of which can be mixed and matched with the rest of the collection. 

Shop Givenchy Atelier in Bergdorf Goodman stores as well as [online](http://bergdorfgoodman.com/) beginning today.