https://thegrandtourist.net/deco-off2025/
Apple’s first desktop home computer with a graphical interface, the Macintosh 128K. Photo: Courtesy MoMA
**Coming to New York: Cy Twombly’s Poetic Scribbles, a Lebanese-American Writer, and Wild Glassware**

**“Cy Twombly” (Opens Jan. 23)** American painter Cy Twombly’s scribbles have long stirred a commotion among critics and the public, making him one of the most influential artists of the 20th century. His paintings seemingly reject the obligation for art to be something other than itself, leading away from postwar Abstract Expressionism. “It’s more like I’m having an experience than making a picture,” he said once. Now, Gagosian presents his paintings, sculptures, and works on paper from 1968 through 1990, including his “blackboard” paintings and some never-before-seen work. [_gagosian.com_](https://gagosian.com/exhibitions/2025/cy-twombly/)

**“Etel Adnan: This Beautiful Light” (Until March 1)** It was only in her late 80s that poet and writer Etel Adnan’s art began gaining popular recognition, though she had been painting for decades. The Lebanese American author, known for her poignant words on war and suffering, wrote her most acclaimed work, _Sitt Marie Rose,_ after fleeing to Paris from the Lebanese civil war in 1975. She started painting when she was 34, when words weren’t enough for her. “I write what I see, I paint what I am,” she said. This show presents her diverse artistic output, including paintings, ceramics, tapestries, works on paper, and folded booklets called leporellos. [_whitecube.com_](https://www.whitecube.com/gallery-exhibitions/etel-adnan-new-york-2025)

**“Louise Nevelson: Shadow Dance” (Until Mar. 1)** When she was attending art classes in NYC in the early 1930s, Louise Nevelson experimented with found scraps of wood and salvaged materials because they were cheap and easy to come by. She used these pieces to create monumental sculptures that broke new ground for female artists at the time. The MoMA acquired _Sky Cathedral_ in 1958, the same year she made it. Ahead of a major retrospective at the Centre Pompidou in the fall, this show pairs Nevelson’s iconic sculptures with her rarely seen collages. [_pacegallery.com_](https://www.pacegallery.com/exhibitions/louise-nevelson-shadow-dance/)

**“Pirouette: Turning Points in Design” (Opens Jan. 26)** For this show, the curators at MoMA have put together a list of some of the most influential and imaginative design work from the past 100 years. Some of them are works so significant that it’s hard to imagine a world without them, like the perfectly simple “I heart NY” logo, the first Macintosh, and early emojis. The list also recognizes the influence of more niche inventions, from furniture to socially conscious innovations. [_moma.org_](https://www.moma.org/calendar/exhibitions/5756)

**“Richard Marquis: In Motion” (Opens Jan. 24)** Freshly graduated from Berkeley in 1969, Richard Marquis followed his interest in glasswork to the Venini factory in Venice on a Fulbright fellowship. It was an unusual opportunity. No American before him had learned Venetian techniques, like murrine, from the distinguished glassmakers. His early objects, like an oversize drug capsule decorated with the American flag, veer away from traditional aesthetics and reveal an imagination steeped in everything from California funk to the free-speech movement at Berkeley. This show focuses on one of the artist’s unconventional inspirations: vehicles of transportation. It presents 20 glass sculptures of cars, boats, and World War I ships—glass like you haven’t seen before. [_r-and-company.com_](https://r-and-company.com/exhibition/razzle-dazzle-richard-marquis-in-motion/)