https://thegrandtourist.net/who-to-follow-a-design-veterans-stylish-sources-of-inspiration/
A helicopter upside down by Paola Pivi. Photo: Attilio Maranzano, courtesy San Carlo Cremona
**Anselm Kiefer’s Monumental Show; a Cuban Painter Forges a New Path; and More Openings Around the Globe**

**Cremona, “Paola Pivi: A Helicopter Upside Down” (Until June)**In the central nave of a 400-year-old church in northern Italy, Italian artist Paola Pivi has installed a helicopter belly-up, like an upside-down turtle. It’s a decidedly jarring sight. This is not Pivi’s first strange but delightful sculpture. Her first exhibition, in 1997, was a huge 18-wheeler flipped on its side. This show is only the latest in her unexpected visual concoctions: At the 1999 Venice Biennale, she presented an upside-down fighter jet. She’s covered polar bear sculptures in neon plumes and has brought horses to the Eiffel Tower. More recently, in 2022, New York’s High Line saw a small replica of the Statue of Liberty wearing a cartoonish mask. [_sancarlocremona.com_](https://www.sancarlocremona.com/en-index.php)

**Amsterdam, “Anselm Kiefer: Sag Mir Wo Die Blumen Sind” (Opens March 7)**Over five decades, German artist Anselm Kiefer has unflinchingly confronted Germany’s painful history in a varied oeuvre of provocative, melancholy, and sometimes deeply dark monumental sculptures and paintings thickly slathered in paint. Often, encrusted layers of straw, ash, and clay imbue his work with both gravity and fragility. A massive exhibition spanning two of Amsterdam’s institutions celebrates the artist’s 80th birthday this year: The Van Gogh Museum examines his Dutch influence, while the Stedelijk, one of the first museums to purchase Kiefer’s work, brings out all the Kiefers in their collection. [_vangoghmuseum.nl_](https://www.vangoghmuseum.nl/en/visit/whats-on/exhibitions/anselm-kiefer-sag-mir-wo-die-blumen-sind)

**London, “Cesar Santos: Manuscripts” (Until April 25)**In 2010, Cuban painter Cesar Santos started “Syncretism,” a series of paintings fluidly moving between the styles of masters like Michelangelo, Manet, van Gogh, and Picasso: a parody of Manet’s _Le Déjeuner Sur l’Herbe_ in which picnickers eat McDonald’s, or realistic portraits set in front of van Gogh’s blue bedroom, for example. But at 40 years old, Santos experienced a sudden change of heart. In the past few years, he began experimenting with abstraction, channeling his fluency across different techniques into uncanny and inarticulable shapes. Following a solo presentation in New York, Santos makes his debut in the UK with this new series. “I want to see everything new again,” he says. [_robilantvoena.com_](https://www.robilantvoena.com/exhibitions/cesar-santos-manuscripts-czq)

**London, “James Welling and Bernd & Hilla Becher” (Opens March 7)**American photographer James Welling first saw Bernd and Hilla Becher’s photographs at the 1970 MoMA exhibition “Information.” The husband and wife photographers had been carefully documenting Germany’s disappearing industrial landscape since the ’60s. Welling, taken by their dedication, later compared the Bechers to bird-watchers in their obsession with variations of water towers, furnaces, and gas tanks. He began to make photographs in 1976, which largely consisted of local architecture. In a 1988 series, he chronicled railroads throughout North America. This show places Welling’s photographs of Marcel Breur’s Brutalist architecture in conversation with the Bechers’ renowned work. [_maureenpaley.com_](https://www.maureenpaley.com/exhibitions/james-welling-and-bernd-hilla-becher/press-release)

**New York, “Dorothy Hood: Remember Something Out of Time” (Until April 12)**While Dorothy Hood is considered by some as one of Texas’s greatest 20th-century painters, she never quite became a household name in her lifetime. The ambitious Texan began her artistic career in Mexico after a short vacation there in the ’40s turned into two decades. There, she found herself at the forefront of Mexico City’s creative community, including exiled European intellectuals and artists like Frida Kahlo, Sophie Treadwell, and Luis Buñuel. She would experiment with different styles (her first exhibit in Mexico consisted of portraits) before settling on abstraction. “Landscapes of my psyche,” she said of her work. This is Hood’s first solo exhibition in New York since the 1980s (she died in 2000), showcasing eight of her paintings, along with drawings and collages. [_hollistaggart.com_](https://www.hollistaggart.com/exhibitions/209-dorothy-hood-remember-something-out-of-time/) _—Vasilisa Ioukhnovets_