https://thegrandtourist.net/06-05-24-learn-about-the-well-lived-life-from-designers-who-practice-what-they-preach/
“Home Works #3,” (2008) by Miles Aldridge. Photo: Miles Aldridge, Courtesy Saatchi Gallery
The Lesser-Known Works of Georgia O’Keeffe, John Baldessari, and Alex Katz; Plus Some Photo History
Chicago, “Georgia O’Keeffe: My New Yorks” (Until Sept. 22)
**“I will make even busy New Yorkers take time to see what I see of flowers,” the great American painter Georgia O’Keeffe said in 1939. Beginning in 1924, O’Keeffe would spend several years living and painting in New York City’s Shelton Hotel—then the tallest residential skyscraper in the world. The imposing skyline and lofty heights of the city, so different from the New Mexico deserts she’s known for, inspired her to experiment with scale and perspective. This exhibit will present her city paintings as integral to rather than an outlier in her career, and it will be the first to seriously examine O’Keeffe’s urban landscapes. [_artic.edu_](https://www.artic.edu/exhibitions/9539/georgia-o-keeffe-my-new-yorks)

**London, “Beyond Fashion” (Until Sept. 8)
**Fashion photography hasn’t always been considered an art form. Its beginnings were merely commercial, but with the dawn of _Vogue_ and _Harper’s Bazaar_, fashion photography became less about the clothes and more about the allure. This exhibit traces that history with the work of nearly 50 photographers—like Peter Lindbergh’s classic black-and-white photographs, Miles Aldridge’s neon cinematic work, and Juergen Teller’s iconic 2008 shot of Victoria Beckham’s legs coming out of a Marc Jacobs shopping bag—while highlighting a new, ever-creative generation of photographers in the industry. [_saatchigallery.com_](https://www.saatchigallery.com/exhibition/beyond-fashion)

**London, “John Baldessari: Ahmedabad 1992” (Until July 27)
**John Baldessari, who passed in 2020, was known as a pioneer of American conceptual art who confronted the meaning of art with wit and humor. What Baldessari is less known for is a series of collages he made during his residency in India in the early ’90s, during a period of change and globalization for the country. Coming from California, where he lived and worked, his impressions of his new surroundings are recorded in an eclectic assortment of his own photographs and found imagery. [_spruethmagers.com_](https://spruethmagers.com/exhibitions/)

**Paris, “Alex Katz: 60 Years of Printmaking” (Until July 23)
**At 96 years old, Alex Katz is painting away in his SoHo loft and enjoying a surge in the popularity of his seven decades’ worth of work. It should come as no surprise that the American artist’s early experimentation with silkscreening, which produces flat, crisp colors, would influence his iconic painting style. This exhibit presents Katz’s printmaking practice, which he returned to throughout his career, bringing together his very first print with a print house in 1965 and large, monochromatic portraits of late. [_ropac.net_](https://ropac.net/exhibitions/706-alex-katz-60-years-of-printmaking/) _—Vasilisa Ioukhnovets_