https://thegrandtourist.net/dans-notebook-inside-the-best-of-the-grand-tourist-in-2024-so-far/
Agnes Varda on the set of the film _Les Glaneurs et la Glaneuse_, 1999. Photo: Didier Doussin, Courtesy CCCB and Cine Tamaris—Social Animals
**Barcelona Remembers the Woman Behind the French New Wave, and São Paulo Celebrates a High-Profile Friendship; See July’s Global Openings**

**Barcelona, “Agnès Varda: Photographing, Filming, Recycling” (Until Dec. 8)**She was the grandmother of the French New Wave, inspiring its hallmarks—nonlinear plot, saturated mood, and creative liberties—before the genre even existed. Often described in the same sentence as “fierce,” “free,” and always “ahead of her time,” French photographer and filmmaker Agnès Varda produced more than 40 short and feature-length films that mingle private narratives with socially conscious documentary. This survey examines her radical work and life, with a selection of her short films and previously unseen photography, including a series from her trip to Catalonia in 1955, where she shot a portrait of Dalí. [_cccb.org_](https://www.cccb.org/en/exhibitions/file/agnes-varda/243778)

**Cleveland, “Picturing the Border” (Until Jan. 5)**With photographs by Latino, Mexican, and Chicano artists, this showcase examines the implications of the Mexican American border on personal definitions of citizenship, nationality, and selfhood. From intimate portraits by Chicana photographer Laura Aguilar to documentation of border crossings by Mexican photographer Graciela Iturbide, the roughly four dozen photographs seek to take back the negative representation of the border prevalent in the media. [_clevelandart.org_](https://www.clevelandart.org/about/press/picturing-border-exhibition-opens-cleveland-museum-art)

**Salzburg, “Hans Josephsohn” (Until Aug. 31)**For the entirety of his career, Swiss sculptor Hans Josephsohn sculpted the human figure—sitting, lying down, portraits, and half-figures. He made them out of plaster then cast them in bronze, leaving the surfaces raw and his fingerprints behind. Though in his later work, the human presence grows subtle, and the squat bronze sculptures seem less manmade than of the earth. This major retrospective, a first for the gallery, follows his trajectory with pieces from the mid-1970s to the early 2000s. [_ropac.net_](https://ropac.net/exhibitions/712-hans-josephsohn/)

**São Paulo, “Calder + Miró” (Until Sept. 15)**The friendship of Catalan surrealist painter Joan Miró and American sculptor Alexander Calder, which began in 1928, seems like fate—one can clearly see the shared aesthetics and curiosities between their work. Though they were later divided by an ocean and World War II, they produced remarkably similar bodies of work inadvertently titled “Constellations.” In 1936, _The New York Times_ described Calder’s mobiles as “living Miró abstractions.” This exhibit, sponsored by Igautemi, studies the consequences of this friendship on abstract art in Brazil, bringing together 150 works by the two greats and by artists influenced by their liminal forms, such as Hélio Oiticica, Mary Vieira, Milton Dacosta, and Tomie Ohtake. [_institutotomieohtake.org_](https://www.institutotomieohtake.org.br/exposicoes/calder-miro/)

**Toronto, “Thirty-Six Brooches” (Until Sept. 2)**The most popular accessory to spice up a jacket, the brooch has had a mainstream renaissance this year on red carpets and runways. And why not? The jewelry is versatile—whether it’s a humble outlet for personal taste, bedazzled statement of status, or a pin-sized political statement. The pins don’t get much attention besides, which this presentation aims to change. With 36 elegant brooches designed by contemporary Canadian jewelers, it examines how the storied piece (once purely utilitarian) has come to express so much. [_harbourfrontcentre.com_](https://harbourfrontcentre.com/event/thirty-six-brooches/) _—Vasilisa Ioukhnovets_