https://thegrandtourist.net/meet-the-dynamic-new-york-gallerist-who-put-korean-art-front-and-center/
Isamu Noguchi gives a tour of The Isamu Noguchi Garden Museum in 1988. Photo: Eugenie Coumantaros, The Noguchi Museum Archives. Courtesy The Isamu Noguchi Foundation and Garden Museum
**Noguchi’s Vision Brought Back to Life; American Design in the Spotlight; A Multitalented Photographer and Painter is Remembered**

**New York, “Against Time: The Noguchi Museum 40th Anniversary Reinstallation” (Until Sept. 14, 2025)**“To order space is to give it meaning,” said Isamu Noguchi, who, with his stone sculptures, midcentury-defining furniture, architecture, and theatrical sets, created a new standard in design. In 1985, when Noguchi opened his museum in Queens, the same logic dictated the presentation of his work. Objects were not merely situated in a room, but like constellations, the pieces worked together to constitute the whole. In honor of the museum’s 40th birthday, a reproduction of the original floor installations does its best to go back in time and reflect Noguchi’s meticulous vision. This exhibit brings together 60 works from the museum’s collection. Among them are early experimentations with brass and wood following the artist’s stint in Constantin Brancusi’s Paris studio, and a few portrait busts once produced out of financial necessity. [_noguchi.org_](https://www.noguchi.org/museum/exhibitions/view/against-time-the-noguchi-museum-40th-anniversary-reinstallation/)

**New York, “Objects: USA 2024” (Opens Sept. 6)**What is the state of American design today? This triennial survey of approximately 100 handmade works by 55 designers examines the evolving discipline of design—one that defies the traditional distinctions between art and craft. Rather than dividing the objects by medium, curators instead came up with categories like “doomsdayers” (artists confronting contemporary anxieties), “keepers” (sharing their narratives), and “beta testers” (innovating in old fields with new tech). [_r-and-company.com_](https://r-and-company.com/exhibition/objects-usa-2024/)

**New York, “Rodney Graham” (Until Oct. 24)**Rodney Graham’s oeuvre is of stunning scope: photography, film, painting, sculpture, performance, and more. A renaissance man in talent and knowledge, Graham was informed by his literacy in history, philosophy, and literature, all of which he wielded in his sharp but humorous observations on themes of modernity. Getting his start in the 1970s in the company of Jeff Wall and Stan Douglas, the Canadian artist is best known for his light-box photography, which features himself posing as eccentric characters in elaborately detailed sets. 303 Gallery—which has represented Graham for three decades—presents their first show following his passing in 2022. It features his breakout film Vexation Island (exhibited at the 1997 Venice Biennale) and his trademark photography, as well as a number of sculptures and paintings. [_303gallery.com_](https://www.303gallery.com/gallery-exhibitions/rodney-graham11?view=slider#2) _—Vasilisa Ioukhnovets_